#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.11.7
    # via pylint
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
celery==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
coverage==7.3.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
dill==0.3.7
    # via pylint
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
django-countries==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-proctoring
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
django-oauth-toolkit==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-oauth2-provider==0.2.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
django-webpack-loader==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
edx-drf-extensions==8.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   openedx-events
edx-proctoring==4.16.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
edx-when==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
event-tracking==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
faker==19.13.0
    # via factory-boy
fastavro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via pylint
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
kombu==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==9.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
openedx-events==9.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pylint==2.13.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-django
pytest-django==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   faker
    #   xblock
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   event-tracking
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   xblock
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   slumber
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
shortuuid==1.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth2-provider
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   django-countries
    #   faker
    #   kombu
    #   pylint
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via astroid
xblock==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-when

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
